Known Issues: MCUXpresso IDE v10.0.2
------------------------------------

The very first time a debug session to a new debug probe or evaluation
board is started, Windows may need to install drivers to support the
new device. In rare circumstances the IDE may hang whilst waiting for
the probe's drivers to install and for the device to be enumerated.

Restarting the IDE whilst a debug session is in operation will not
terminate the debug session, meaning that trying to start new debug
sessions after the restart may fail. In such circumstances, you may
need to manually kill the debug processes running under the IDE
(typically arm-none-eabi-gdb, crt_emu_cm_redlink and redlinkserv)
before a successful debug connection can be made.

SWO Trace via LPC-Link2 to LPC546xx and LPC541xx parts requires
appropriate pinmux and trace clock setup. The SDKs for these parts
only contain the appropriate pinmux and clock setup for examples in
the "demo_apps" category. Other example projects, or projects created
from the New Project Wizard, will therefore require modifications
before SWO Tracing can be carried out. Please see the "MCUXpresso IDE
LinkServer SWO Trace Guide" for more details.

The LinkServer Instruction Trace and SWO Trace mechanisms are
currently not fully compatible with each other. Thus, it is not
recommended to use both in a single debug session. You may also
require a board reset between carrying out the two forms of trace.

When debugging the KV5x family, you may see issues in the display of
non-word (32-bit) sized registers in the Peripheral View, due to the
way the internal debug bus has been implemented.

When importing SDK examples, if one example is imported, then the
project settings will default to use semihosting. However, if multiple
projects are selected for importing, then the settings will default to
using the SDK UART DebugConsole output. Existing projects can be
switched from semihosting to UART via the Quickstart Panel - Quick
Settings option.

If SDK multicore examples are imported with a non-default name, then
the linkage between the slave and master projects will be broken. This
can be resolved by manually changing the master project's Multicore
settings to correct the name of the linked slave project, as well as
correcting the Project References.

The automatic generation of SEGGER and P&E Micro launch 
configurations cannot currently handle creating the correct 
settings for debugging a 'slave' CPU in a multicore MCU (such
as LPC5411x). It is necessary to manually tweak the default settings
in order to successfully debug the slave project in parallel with
the master project.

Probe discovery / Launch configuration generation can take a long
time on some Mac OS X 10.12 (Sierra) installs, due to an OS / Java
issue with the java.net.InetAddress.getLocalHost() function. This can
be fixed by modifying your "/etc/hosts" file (see the "MCUXpresso IDE 
Installation Guide" for more details).
