Known Issues: MCUXpresso IDE v10.2.1
------------------------------------

Dragging a project (or file) from the Project Explorer View to a filer
view will move (not copy) the dragged file(s). The Project Explorer
View will continue to display the project (or file) until a refresh
(F5) is performed. Note: If a project (or file) is dragged from one
Project Explorer View onto a second IDE's Project Explorer View, then
the project (or file) will be duplicated in the second IDE (Project
Explorer and workspace).

When installed under Windows 10, the Start menu Uninstall shortcut may
be missing. If this occurs, uninstallation can be performed via the
control panel or via the unins000.exe located within the product
installation folder.

Uninstallation on Windows may on occasion fail to remove all installed
components.

When using the Disassembly View with a LinkServer debug connection,
use of the Restart button may cause the view to go blank. This can be
resolved by clicking on the program location (for instance "main() at
...") in the Debug View, in order to restore the current debug
context.

On Ubunutu, if you attempt to open a PDF, such as the SDK
Documentation, from within the IDE, the system may prompt you to save
the file rather than opening it directly.

On Ubuntu when debugging with LPC-Link1, in some circumstances attempts
to debug when the probe needs to be booted may fail. In such
circumstances, click on the Cancel button of the displayed dialog, and
then launch the debug session again.

The very first time a debug session to a new debug probe or evaluation
board is started, Windows may need to install drivers to support the
new device. In rare circumstances the IDE may hang whilst waiting for
the probe's drivers to install and for the device to be enumerated.

Restarting the IDE whilst a debug session is in operation will not
terminate the debug session, which means that trying to start new debug
sessions after the restart may fail. In such circumstances, you may
need to manually kill the debug processes running under the IDE
(typically arm-none-eabi-gdb, crt_emu_cm_redlink and redlinkserv)
before a successful debug connection can be made.

SWO Trace via LPC-Link2 to LPC546xx and LPC541xx parts requires
appropriate pinmux and trace clock setup. The SDKs for these parts
only contain the appropriate pinmux and clock setup for examples in
the "demo_apps" category. Other example projects, or projects created
from the New Project Wizard, will therefore require modifications
before SWO Tracing can be carried out. Please see the "MCUXpresso IDE
LinkServer SWO Trace Guide" for more details.

The LinkServer Instruction Trace and SWO Trace mechanisms are
currently not fully compatible with each other. Thus, it is not
recommended to use both in a single debug session. You may also
require a board reset between carrying out the two forms of trace.

When debugging the KV5x family, you may see issues in the display of
non-word (32-bit) sized registers in the Peripheral View, due to the
way the internal debug bus has been implemented.

Probe discovery / Launch configuration generation can take a long time
on some Mac OS X 10.12 (Sierra) installations, due to an OS / Java
issue with the java.net.InetAddress.getLocalHost() function. This can
be fixed by modifying your "/etc/hosts" file (see the "MCUXpresso IDE
Installation Guide" for more details).

Due to restrictions in the length of filenames accepted by the Windows
version of the underlying GCC toolchain, it is recommended that the
length of project names is kept to 56 characters or less. Otherwise
you may see project build error messages regarding files not being
found, particularly during the link step.

The first time the MCUXpresso Config Tools (integrated into the IDE)
are started, you will see a short delay whilst data is fetched from a
remote server. A message and an hourglass will be displayed during
this delay (which may take 30 seconds or so, depending upon your
network connection). Future IDE releases will reduce this delay.
